lib: bin: lwm2m_carrier: update to v3.4.0 (#14125)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/lwm2m_carrier/app_integration.rst

  .. note::
     Application DFU is needed to enable LG U+ functionality.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_FIRMWARE_DOWNLOAD_TIMEOUT`:

>   * This configuration specifies the number of minutes allowed for a single firmware image download. If the download is not completed by the time the specified number of minutes elapses, the download shall be aborted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This configuration specifies the number of minutes allowed for a single firmware image download.
    If the download is not completed by the time the specified number of minutes elapses, the download shall be aborted.
```

>   * This configuration specifies the number of minutes allowed for a single firmware image download. If the download is not completed by the time the specified number of minutes elapses, the download shall be aborted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * This configuration specifies the time (in minutes) allowed for a single firmware image download. 
     If the download is not completed within the specified time, the download will be aborted.
```
Please check if the meaning has not changed.

  * This configuration is only supported for Push delivery method of firmware images.

>   * Leaving this configuration empty (``0``) will disable the timer for unknown Subscriber IDs, and set it to 30 minutes by for the SoftBank subscriber ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Leaving this configuration empty (``0``) will disable the timer for unknown subscriber IDs, and set it to 30 minutes by for the SoftBank subscriber ID.
```

>   * Leaving this configuration empty (``0``) will disable the timer for unknown Subscriber IDs, and set it to 30 minutes by for the SoftBank subscriber ID.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Leaving this configuration empty (``0``) will disable the timer for unknown Subscriber IDs, and set it to 30 minutes for the SoftBank subscriber ID.
```

>   * Leaving this configuration empty (``0``) will disable the timer for unknown Subscriber IDs, and set it to 30 minutes by for the SoftBank subscriber ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Leaving this configuration empty (``0``) disables the timer for unknown subscriber IDs, and set it to 30 minutes for the SoftBank subscriber ID.
```
